# Linux
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
I have built a web app on flask a web framework on python which i have learnt from week 9's lecture. I built the database in SQLITE and have connected the database to python using the cs50 library. I built this web app so that people are made aware that there are other operating system's other than macos and windows and that they are equally good enough. I have used some CSS and javascript to make the application more better looking and interactive. Most of the syntax I use is what i learnt from course's lectures. But i have used a few css attributes which i have learnt through research. I have made a Github repository so that I could put my code in the cloud and installed WSL on my PC. I used VS code to design and render the application. I have answered a few question on the discord. I used the plasceholder "?" like David suggested to avoid SQL injection. I really enjoyed web development so i will also take the CS50W. I have watched briyan's tutorial on how to use github which has helped me in uploading my code in the cloud. Most of the code is in html. I have 11 html files, 1 css file, 1 js file, 1 app.py and 1 .db file. I have added an apology.html just like the finance pset in cs50x. I have added a css attribut called position sticky which i have came across while surfing through websites. I have created a database to hold information of different feedbacks user id and usernames. I have added sessions in flask using is session library from flask. I really enjoy web development so i am going to take the CS50W to learn about Django. This really encouraged me to take CS in my degree. I really like prof. David J malan's teaching and i hope that he will teach more lessons in the future. In app.py the backend is written in python. I have not directly inserted the passwords into database but rather used generate_password_hash function to create a password and then inserted it into the database. I have also used check_password_hash function to check the password enter while logging in is correct as the hashed password.I have added a feedback template as well as a about_us template to tell the users a little about myself and as well the can give any suggestions in feedbacks. I have created 4 main routes beginner, intermediate, beautiful and fastest. Each route has 3 recommended distros in my prosepective in the given topic(beginner friendliness, speed, a clean desktop). I have added js such that an alert pops as soon as they submitted a feedback, And in the feedback page they are greeted with their username using the flask variables. I have added a litte javascript to create alerts and to change the form type of an iput field from hidden to text. I have used some bootstrap classes also. I have added about_us in which I added a little about myself. I have also created a feedback page in which you can submit a feedback and it get inserted into the feedbacks database.